# Frequently Asked Questions

#### _Can I use Vortex instead of MO2?_

Not really. The guide is oriented completely towards MO2 and takes advantage of a number of its exclusive features.
We are neither willing nor able to provide support for Vortex, as nobody in the modding community uses it. You should
use whatever mod manager you like, but asking for Vortex support on the Discord is not permitted at this time.
If using MO2 is a dealbreaker for you, we recommend
[Gopher's video tutorial on TTW + Vortex](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zts-tF0nYIk) instead of this guide.

#### _Why does the console command IsDLLLoaded NVTF always report back >> 0?_

Install the DirectX Libraries from [here](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=8109).

#### _Why is my game moving too fast?_

In MO2, double-click New Vegas Tick Fix (NVTF) and use the **INI Editor** tab to make sure **iMaxFPSTolerance** is set to **500** in `NVTF.ini`.
If that still doesn't fix it, verify that NVTF is actually working by using the console command `IsDLLLoaded NVTF`.

#### _Why didn't I get any DLC pop-ups/items after starting a new game?_

**Delay DLC Redux** prevents the DLC pop-ups from showing until you reach the starting location for the DLC. **SawyerBatty** distributes the crap pack items throughout the DC wasteland (or NV depending on where you chose to start).

#### _When installing multiple mods from the same page through MO2, should I select Merge, Rename, or Replace?_

**Rename** to the **filename** of the file you downloaded. Review the [Mod Installation Advice](mo2#mod-installation-advice) page for more information.

#### _Mod Organizer 2 is reporting that mods in the left pane have overwritten loose files. Is this okay?_

Yes, as long as your mods in the **left** pane of MO2 are in the exact order as they appear in the guide, these overwrites are intentional and safe.

#### _Mod Organizer 2 is reporting that there are files in my overwrite folder. Is this okay?_

Yes, generally these files are harmless. They are usually files generated by mods (like configuration INI files) or by programs ran through MO2. These files will still be loaded fine in-game, and will be prioritized as if they are the last mod in the **left** pane of MO2. Usually, you can just leave these files in the overwrite and ignore the warning. If you like, you can drag the files out of the Overwrite window into their respective mod folders in MO2's left pane.

#### _Why do I get a Application Load Error 5:0000065434 message when I try to launch the game?_

Run your game directly through Steam once. You may also need to restart Steam and/or Mod Organizer 2. If that still doesn't work, place a copy of your **Steam.exe** (a **copy**, not a shortcut) into the game's [Root](./setup/#important-locations) folder.

#### _How do I fix NPCs "bouncing" when playing above 60 FPS?_

In MO2, open **Tools > INI Editor** and make sure you are in the **FalloutCustom.ini** tab and NOT the **Custom.ini** tab.
Paste in the following, then save and exit.

```ini
[FootIK]
; Fix "bouncing" NPCs
fOnOffGain=0.01
bFootPlacementOn=0
fPelvisUpDownBias=0
fPelvisOffsetDamping=0
fOriginalGroundHeightMS=0
```

#### _What steps do I have to take to run the game in an ultrawide resolution?_

In MO2, open **Tools > INI Editor** and make sure you are in the **FalloutCustom.ini** tab and NOT the **Custom.ini** tab.
Paste in the following, change the values to your desired resolution, then save and exit.

```ini
[Display]
; Ultrawide support
iSize W=3440
iSize H=1440
```

Next, open the in-game pause menu and click **Settings > Tweaks**. Use the search bar to
find and activate the **Ultrawide Support** tweak, then restart the game so it can take effect.

#### _My mods are taking up too much space; how can I reclaim some?_

If you've installed MO2 on a drive with limited space, you can change the **Downloads** file path
to a different drive with more space. This will not affect download/game performance, and the downloads
can be deleted after the mods have been installed.

#### _What is "Fonfig" supposed to mean?_

It's short for "Fonfiguration", obviously.
