import RadioButtonCheckedIcon from '@mui/icons-material/RadioButtonChecked';
import RadioButtonUncheckedIcon from '@mui/icons-material/RadioButtonUnchecked';

# Frequently Asked Questions

---

### Why does the guide not clean the DLC plugins?

Tale of Two Wastelands already cleans and fixes issues in the base plugins.

### When installing multiple mods from the same page through MO2, should I select Merge, Rename, or Replace?

Read the <strong>Mod Installation Instructions</strong> section from the <a href="https://thebestoftimes.moddinglinked.com/mo2.html#installationInstructions" target="_blank">The Best of Times MO2 page</a>.

### Why do I get a Application Load Error 5:0000065434 message when I try to launch the game?

Run your game directly through Steam once. You may also need to restart Steam and/or Mod Organizer 2. If that still doesn't work, place a copy of your <strong>Steam.exe</strong> (not a shortcut) into the game's <strong>Root</strong> folder.

### Mod Organizer 2 is reporting that mods in the left pane have overwritten loose files. Is this okay?

Yes, as long as your mods in the **left** pane of MO2 are in the exact order as they appear in the guide, these overwrites are intentional and safe.

### Mod Organizer 2 is reporting that there are files in my overwrite folder. Is this okay?

Yes, generally these files are harmless. They are usually files generated by mods (like configuration INI files) or by programs ran through MO2. These files will still be loaded fine in-game, and will be prioritized as if they are the last mod in the **left** pane of MO2. Usually, you can just leave these files in the overwrite and ignore the warning.

### Why does the console command IsDLLLoaded NVTF always report back >> 0?

Restart your computer, then install the DirectX Libraries from <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=8109" target="_blank">here</a>.

### Why is my game moving too fast?

Verify that NVTF is actually working by using the console command IsDLLLoaded NVTF and limit your FPS according to the <a class="link" href="https://performance.moddinglinked.com" target="_blank">performance guide</a>.

### No DLC pop-ups on new game

- [Delay DLC Redux](gameplay#delay-dlc-redux-ttw) prevents the DLC pop-ups from showing until you reach the starting location for the DLC.

### How do I fix NPCs "bouncing" when playing above 60 FPS?

1. Make sure your game FPS is locked to any amount below 120. If this doesn't fix it, try the next steps.
2. Click the MO2 INI button button at the top of MO2 and select **INI Editor**.
3. Select the **FalloutCustom.ini** tab.
    - Make sure you are in the FalloutCustom.ini tab and **NOT** the Custom.ini tab.
4. Paste in the following:
```ini title="FalloutCustom.ini"
[FootIK]
fOnOffGain=0.01
bFootPlacementOn=0
fPelvisUpDownBias=0
fPelvisOffsetDamping=0
fOriginalGroundHeightMS=0
```
5. Save and exit.

### Ultrawide resolution

1. Click the MO2 INI button button at the top of MO2 and select **INI Editor**.
2. Select the **FalloutCustom.ini** tab.
    - Make sure you are in the FalloutCustom.ini tab and **NOT** the Custom.ini tab.
3. Paste in your display's resolution:
```ini title="FalloutCustom.ini"
[Display]
iSize W=3440
iSize H=1440
```
4. If your resolution differs from the one above, correct the 2 values.
5. Save and exit.
6. Run the game and go to Settings -> Tweaks, then type "ultrawide" in the search bar. Enable the Ultrawide Support tweak by clicking it in the panel on the lefthand side, then exit and restart the game so it takes effect.

### How do I change my FOV?

1. Click the MO2 INI button button at the top of MO2 and select **INI Editor**.
2. Select the FalloutCustom.ini tab.
3. Under the **Display** section, change the following values to your preference:
4. **fDefaultWorldFOV** (FOV of the camera in relation to the world, increasing this will affect performance gradually)
5. **fDefault1stPersonFOV** (FOV of the camera in relation to the player's model, setting this too high may cause clipping)
6. **fPipboy1stPersonFOV** (FOV in the Pip-Boy or while using a terminal)
7. Save and exit.

### Why are parts of the terrain black?

Disable - [Improved Lighting Shaders](visuals#improved-lighting-shaders) is your Mod Organizer 2 modlist by unchecking its box. This issue seems to be hardware related but we do not know the specific cause at the moment.

### Can I add _mods X Y and Z_?

<details>
<summary>Short answer: No.</summary>
<p>Long answer: Well, it depends. No one can tell you with certainty that it is 100% safe to add a mod. Compatibility generally isn't a yes or no question. If you are an experienced modder and understand that many mods will require patching in xEdit and that you will need to manually sort it in your load order, then yes you can probably add that mod. If you are a beginner and don't know how to do any of that, you should not add any mods. Essentially, if you have to ask if you can add a mod, you probably shouldn't.</p>
</details>

### Can I use Vortex?

<details>
<summary>Short answer: No.</summary>
<p>Long answer: The guide is oriented completely towards MO2 and takes advantage of a number of its exclusive features. You should use whatever mod manager you like, but we are unable to accomodate Vortex users looking for support, as none of us use it. If using MO2 is a dealbreaker for you, we recommend <a href="https://youtu.be/Zts-tF0nYIk" target="_blank">Gopher's video tutorial</a> instead of this guide.</p>
</details>

### I found a mistake in the guide

Please click the "Edit this page" link at the bottom of the page on the left. It will allow you to [fork the guide and submit a pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork) with your changes. Thanks for helping out!

### `loadorder.txt` has mods I didn't install

No need to worry; this is actually intentional. MO2 parses the file line-by-line and compares it to your modlist, and when any given mod is missing, MO2 simply skips it and goes to the next line. The mods that _are_ present will be ordered correctly and anything absent will be ignored. Some mods that were included in older versions of the guide, or other popular mods which may cause problems with mods in the guide if they were in the wrong place, are therefore included in the file to cover edge cases or outdated . This is no cause for concern. As is stressed in the comments at the top of the `loadorder.txt``, there's no need to read or modify the file.

The only time the loadorder.txt might fail to properly order your mods is if you added mods on your own that aren't in the guide. Those mods will need to be manually reordered to the appropriate spot in your loadorder, so if you aren't familiar with how to the correct spot, how to make patches in xEdit and so on, then it may not be a good idea to add additional mods.
